hello my name is light mireya I am from vineyard
of the sea chile and today I'm going to
teach how to make some flowers to say hello
to mom's day but before passing
this video I want in a special way
say hello to my mom who is in talca ya
who is over 80 and I want
tell you first that I love her so much
she for me is very important despite
from the distance and I want her now
see me like I do a little flower
and that's why at the end of this video
I'm going to see my blog, I'm not going to see the
principles as I do it in form
usual now that I'm going to show you my
days you will use the paper cones
hygienic and the cones that we could
have either of all of it
or light in this case I here I have
one of the light
and those of paper and people are also going to
need scissors color paints and
here I have acrylic paintings too
They can be nail polish skewers of
brushes is basically then for
to be able to make our flower because I am
looking for an alusa cone because it's more
in diameter is smaller than that of
toilet paper already then here that
we make short
a bit already about can
be a little less than one centimeter and
Toilet paper also behave
of the same width and we put the edges
important of what was done as a couple
A) Yes
now on this basis we can work on
six aircraft that we have polished
now to cut the fingers the hygienic
to make it easier we are going to mark it
to one side the other side we try not to
break the then we will go cutting
what our petals are going to do
right there
and so
Now I always say all things
that people want to do in
Amounts compare mind is better to dye
the with aniline of clothes
once this
it's up to everyone if they want to do
wholesale
and so now for example that
usually a cone was only
cutting one by one
but I usually take out six petals of
I color each color first in half
and is to vacate the divide into three parts
day was doing it one by one
then once we already have these to the
that we are going to go painting because not me in
this case I will paint in pink already in
the centric part we are applying the
painting
As I tell you, it's easier to dye it for
the people who want to work it for
selling it in quantities is easier
take the whole choir and dye it and once
dyeing is manipulated and once
we have it painted we let it dry
already
I have good here that I have painted
previously with this same tone and
then we will go painting also each
one of the petals
of what is going to be a petal of our
flower once we have all many
painted petals
let's cut an extra one also for
make our flower then let's go
placing the part that is marked on
we are going to leave it out and
the part that goes inward which no
we have marked it break we will go
hitting here
Now we can see us
Now we can do is go as
presenting the flower the petals so that
we will not have one more inside
outside
and so we are going to see how we are going to be
our flower so that we do not go to
so
let's apply the silicone and in this
case I'm doing it with silicone the
children if they want to do it to the mother
the best have also with the cold or
white glue can do it from a
day for another and let it rest
silicone in with contact glue
fast but the cold tail must be given
his time and I advise children
because this is a very appropriate craft
for children
they do it with white glue and so
they do it with a few days of
anticipation and that is also firm and
now here then
we take a skewer we put there
first I'm going to put you here between two
you two petals we are going to place a
little bit of silicone and the skewer a
little bit of silicone here on the tip
just a little bit then we're going to
enter here
the skewer there and we 're going to keep it
While pressed and while drying
and we are going to put a 23 silicone
between each petal
this gives our flower firmness
A) Yes
there we are giving firmness we are going
speaking union
A) Yes
then once we have our
Armed flower we are going to place
we have also painted a little circle
now the sheet should be a little bit more
narrow
so they do not go too far in the stem
of our
the cutting of the
paperboard
ah
there is now this flower pattern I hope
would like to be a kindergarten assistant
educators because also this kind of
sina flower on the skewer can be occupied
to make mobile for baby and here
we are withdrawing all these surpluses
of the remaining threads of the silicone
and they realize how easy it is to be able to
make a little flower to say hello
so now I remind you of my blog that
www dot receives art chile dot
blogspot.com subscribe either to the blog
or youtube and a little kiss for my mom you
I want much more